**NavigationAlgorithm**
___
**Description**

The program's functionality allows you to generate the shortest route from point A to point B in an industrial environment. The algorithm stands out for its feature of smoothly evading obstacles due to orthogonal-concentric spatial discretization.
___
**Installation**

1. Clone the repository from GitHub
```
git clone https://github.com/sldkfvnaevndsk/NavigationAlgorithm.git
```
2. Run MainWindow.java from the folder "src", using any IDE for Java (e.g., IntelliJ IDEA)
___
**Applying**

1. The program is necessary for generating the shortest route in an industrial environment. The route is generated bypassing existing obstacles.
2. To draw an obstacle, you need to select the mode Obstacles. Then, with the left mouse button held down, drag over the working area of the application.
3. To set the target point, you need to choose the mode Goal. Then in the working area, select the location of the target point.
4. To set the starting point, you need to choose the mode Start. Then in the working area, select the location of the starting point.
5. To generate a route, you need to choose the mode Generate. If it's possible to generate a route, it will be automatically generated, and the icon of the mode will light up green. If the route won't be generated, the icon will light up red.
6. To update the working area, you need to choose the mode Reset.
___
**License**

The program is listed in the public register of computer programs for the Federal Institute of Industrial Property.

+ Registration number (certificate): 2023660697
+ Registration date: 24/05/2023
+ Application number and date of submission: 2023619566 15/05/2023
+ Publication date and bulletin number: 24/05/2023 Bulletin No. 6
